New product template (#5630)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/product-analytics.mdx

---
title: Product analytics
subtitle: Funnels, path analysis, trend charts, retention graphs, and more
featuredImage: ./images/products/product-analytics.png
template: product
productFeatures: [
    {
        icon: 'EventAutocapture',
        title: 'Autocapture',
        description:
            'Add PostHog.js to your website or web app to track all event data and retroactively define events',
    },
    {
        icon: 'Cohorts',

>         title: 'Dataviz',

Reviewer: is this a common term in the US?

Author: Yes but will make it _data visualization_ just so it's super clear across the pond

        description: 'Filter data by user property, group data, and use formulas in queries',
    },
    {
        icon: 'SQL',
        title: 'SQL',
        description:
            'Use PostHog’s filtering interface or switch into SQL mode for more powerful querying',
    },
    {
        icon: 'Notifications',
        title: 'Dashboards and insight subscriptions',
        description: 'Share insights with teams, and get updates when results change',
    },
    {
        icon: 'GroupAnalytics',
        title: 'Group analytics',

>         description: 'Analyze users within the context of their organization',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        description: 'Analyze how any group of users (like an organization) uses your product',
```

          {
              title: 'Filtering',
              description:
                  'Set filters for individual steps – or the entire funnel – by user property, group or cohort, or event property',
          },
          {
              title: 'Graph types',
              description:
                  'Track user progression between steps, conversion time between each step, and how a funnel’s conversion rate changes over time',
          },
          {
              title: 'Step ordering',
              description:
                  'Choose between a sequential series of steps, a strict order, or any order of steps that lead to conversion',
          },
          {
              title: 'Granular controls',
              description:
                  'Set conversion window limit, add exclusionary steps, set attribution type, and see the relative conversion rate between each step',
          },
      ]
    },
    {
      image: ./images/products/session-recording.png
    }
  ],
  [
    {
      image: ./images/products/session-recording.png
    },
    {
      title: "Graphs & trends",
      subtitle: "Visualize user data with graphs, tables, charts, maps, and more",

>      

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     features: [
          {
              title: 'Trends',
              description:
                  'Plot any event over time, such as a feature being used. You can even do math and multiple series',
          },
                    {
              title: 'Advanced filtering',
              description: 'Apply however many filters you need to or breakdown by any event, user or group property with advanced logic',
          },
          {
              title: 'Breakdown tables',
              description:
                  'Break out your trends by any event property',
          },
          {
              title: 'Querying',
              description:
                  'Speed up long running queries across large datasets in one click, if you want to',
          },
      ]
```
